Improve docs (#254)
ardatan/feTS: website/src/pages/server/openapi.mdx

# OpenAPI Implementation

> OpenAPI offers a framework for building interface files that are machine-readable. These files aid
> in describing, generating, consuming, and visualizing REST APIs. You can illustrate your complete
> API in JSON or YAML format with OpenAPI. This includes routes, all potential response types and
> status codes, and all possible request types. Consequently, a thoroughly composed OpenAPI file can
> act as a reference for clients, simplifying API comprehension.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenAPI offers a framework for building interface files that are machine-readable. These files help
in describing, generating, consuming, and visualizing REST APIs. You can illustrate your complete
API in JSON or YAML format with OpenAPI. This includes routes, all potential response types and
status codes, and all possible request types. Consequently, a thoroughly composed OpenAPI file can
act as a reference for clients, making it easier to understand the API.
```

## Disabling OpenAPI

For production, you may not want to expose the schema to the public. In this case, you can pass
`false` to `swaggerUiEndpoint` and `oasEndpoint` options to disable them.

```ts
const router = createRouter({

>   swaggerUiEndpoint: false, // or process.env.NODE_ENV ==='production'

Author: ```suggestion
  swaggerUiEndpoint: false, // or process.env.NODE_ENV === 'production'
```
